---
tags: AI, work-decisions, choices, motivation
---

# AI world - A new revolution or only one fancy name?

In the last few years, some companies are trying to convince us that the a new world is going be revealed for the society. In this 'new world', anything changes with the biggest companies pillars. 

This is the world of an artificial intelligence has been developed and this will change everything that we know about work, productivity, data. However, they also don't say that this is one more commercial name like cloud that is actually some giant data centers with some automations and one web interface. 

I feel that there are people that wake up in their house and they decide to change the market with more tools and programming languages to do exactly the same thing that one existing tool already does. 

It has been became too difficult to find one good tool to create one CI/CD pipeline due to the quantity of options, features, configurations, etc. Each engineer should use these terms in their CVs to get a job. If the company works with one tool that does almost the same things from one tool that you knowledge with, normally you are unqualified... 

- Should it be any guys obsessed with names? 
- Is that culture to ensure that your name is relevant to re-create the wheel? 
- Is it any company fighting to sign its name in the wall of fame? 

It looks like that the market is working to change game every time to see if the same big pillars are destroyed... And in the end, the engineers are suffering with frustration, burn outs etc. 

I could write about too many things in this article. In the summary, I don't what will happen in the future, but I recommend everyone to stay where you are now. Probably they are trying to change the game at this moment and we need to be aware about the new rules (new tools, roles, development lifecycle) to take the better decision. 
